docs: archive pre-2025 changelog and apply Lakebase Postgres rename (#5411)
neondatabase/website: content/changelog/2025-05-09.md

## Neon on Azure is now generally available

> We're excited to announce that Neon on Azure is now generally available! After a successful beta period, Neon is now fully supported as an Azure Native ISV Service, allowing you to deploy and manage Lakebase Postgres databases directly from the Azure portal.

Author: ```suggestion
We're excited to announce that Neon on Azure is now generally available! After a successful beta period, Neon is now fully supported as an Azure Native ISV Service, allowing you to deploy and manage Neon databases directly from the Azure portal.
```

The GA release includes several new features and enhancements:

- **Support for additional Azure regions** including Azure Germany West Central (Frankfurt) and Azure West US 3 (Arizona)
- **Azure Service Connector integration** for simplified connectivity between Azure services (like App Service or Azure Functions) and your database
- **Create and manage branches directly in the Azure portal** for streamlined development workflows
- **Retrieve connection strings from the Azure interface** for easier application setup

> - **Microsoft Azure Consumption Commitment (MACC) eligibility** - Lakebase Postgres purchases made through the Azure Marketplace count toward your committed Azure spend

Author: ```suggestion
- **Microsoft Azure Consumption Commitment (MACC) eligibility** - Neon purchases made through the Azure Marketplace count toward your committed Azure spend
```
